Update cache plugin documentation (#63635)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/plugins/cache.rst

Enabling Inventory Cache Plugins
--------------------------------

> Prior to Ansible 2.8, inventory plugins that support caching could use file-based cache plugins, such as jsonfile, pickle, and yaml. For Ansible 2.8 and later all cache plugins shipped with Ansible are supported. Check the specific inventory plugin to see if it supports caching. To cache inventory with a custom plugin in your plugin path, take a look at the developer's guide for cache plugins. Cache plugins inside a collection are not supported for caching inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to Ansible 2.8, inventory plugins that support caching could use file-based cache plugins, such as jsonfile, pickle, and yaml. For Ansible 2.8 and later all cache plugins shipped with Ansible are supported. Check the specific inventory plugin to see if it supports caching. To cache inventory with a custom plugin in your plugin path, take a look at the `developer's guide for cache plugins <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_plugins.html#cache-plugins>`_. Cache plugins inside a collection are not supported for caching inventory.
```

Author: Thanks :)

> Prior to Ansible 2.8, inventory plugins that support caching could use file-based cache plugins, such as jsonfile, pickle, and yaml. For Ansible 2.8 and later all cache plugins shipped with Ansible are supported. Check the specific inventory plugin to see if it supports caching. To cache inventory with a custom plugin in your plugin path, take a look at the `developer's guide for cache plugins <https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/dev_guide/developing_plugins.html#cache-plugins>`_. Cache plugins inside a collection are not supported for caching inventory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prior to Ansible 2.8, inventory plugins that support caching could use file-based cache plugins, such as jsonfile, pickle, and yaml. For Ansible 2.8 and later all cache plugins shipped with Ansible are supported. Check the specific inventory plugin to see if it supports caching. To cache inventory with a custom plugin in your plugin path, take a look at the :ref:`developer guide on cache plugins<developing_cache_plugins>`. Cache plugins inside a collection are not supported for caching inventory.
```

Author: Thanks, links are difficult :-)
